the power of one thing
for such
the newspaper nothing that the hill dug
or academic
the postulate
alckmin nailed line
It's rumor each has a ball.
and garlic
and chopped garlic
see as well as abortion
cloudy weather
in note the company
after the other
and even we'll put our sanitary map
necessary if you do
better than him
the leak was almost gone
compared to February 2008
I'm glad to have made the morumbi
the best was what happened
she
then the first was that of paulo
he was the only one
I'll give
he was a little worse
The Potiguar Club does not stick
I'm prepared
march borriello
There was a lot of water on the course.
it's time to recover
when it appeared with the current
The late bad politician
if you have one thing because I'm happy with the support that is insufficient
there was no exchange of shots
I just found a little
to the public
like political chaos our slogan is with me
the poop which is assigned
the stations spare time that everyone and buy explained the pilot
crazy abreu
the pack
with water
putin to abortion
and how is it now with the consul of comores
and gave result but shortly after the south pop used the team
the golden pork
I'm going to have to see